# How are you doing today?

> This is a daily program written by the late Sibyl F.Partridge. I just read it from Dale Carnegie's book “How to Stop Worrying and Start Living”. Mental health is very important but it is often overlooked. I hope to remind myself how to live through daily self-check.
 
- [x] ***Just for today I will be happy***. This assumes that what Abraham Lincoln said is true, that “most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be”. Happiness is from within; it is not a matter of externals.

- [x] ***Just for today I will try to adjust myself to what is, and not try to adjust to everything to my own desires***. I will take my family, my business, and my luck as they come and fit myself to them.

- [x] ***Just for today I will take care of my body, I will exercise it, care for it, nourish it, not abuse it nor neglect it***, so that it will be a perfect machine for my bidding.

- [ ] ***Just for today I will try to strengthen my mind***. I will learn something useful. I will not be a mental loafer. I will read something that requires effort, thought and concentration.

- [x] ***Just for today I will exercise my souls in three ways: I will do somebody a good turn and not get found out. I will do at least two things I don’t want to do, as William James suggests, just for exercise.***

- [ ] ***Just for today I will be agreeable***. I will look as well as I can, dress as becomingly as possible, talk low, act courteously, be liberal with praise, criticize not at all, nor find fault with anything and not try to regulate nor improve anyone.

- [ ] ***Just for today I will try to live through this day only, not to tackle my whole life problem at once***. I can do things for twelve hours that would appall me if I had to keep them up for a lifetime.

- [x] ***Just for today I will have a programme***. I will write down what I expect to do every hour. I may not follow it exactly, but I will have it. It will eliminate two pests, hurry and indecision.

- [ ] ***Just for today I will have a quiet half-hour all by myself and relax***. In this half-hour sometimes I will think of God, so as to get a little more perspective into my life.

- [x] ***Just for today, I will be unafraid***, especially I will not be afraid to be happy, to enjoy what is beautiful, to love, and to believe that those I love, love me.
